ACM-11562:writing process from upstream new ACM-MCE docs for discover function (#6629)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_intro.adoc

[#acm-integration]
= {product-title-short} integration

If you are using {mce-short} with {product-title-short} installed, you can access more multicluster management features, such as _Observability_ and _Policy_. 

For integrated capability, see the following requirements:

* Install {product-title-short}. See the {product-title-short} link:../../install/install_overview.adoc#installing[Installing and upgrading] documentation.
* See link:../../install/adv_config_install.adoc#advanced-config-hub[MultiClusterHub advanced configuration] for details about {product-title-short} after you install.

See the following procedures for {mce-short} and {product-title-short} multicluster management:

* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_discover_hosted.adoc#discover-hosted-acm[Discovering {mce-short} hosted clusters in {product-title-short}]
* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_hcp.adoc#auto-import-hcp[Automating import for discovered hosted clusters]
* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_rosa.adoc#import-discover-rosa[Automating import for discovered {rosa} clusters]

> * link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_observe.adoc#mce-acm-observability[Observability integration]

Reviewer: <img width="1126" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-16 at 5 58 24 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aac1971d-48d4-40db-8c65-13c0f90def16">

Author: These are green. I actually forgot to check these yesterday, but was more focused on the two major files, but green now. Thanks for your help. I want to check to see how these should be built in the same book.

> See the following procedures for {mce-short} and {product-title-short} multicluster management:
> 
> * link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_discover_hosted.adoc#discover-hosted-acm[Discovering {mce-short} hosted clusters in {product-title-short}]
> * link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_hcp.adoc#auto-import-hcp[Automating import for discovered hosted clusters]
> * link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_rosa.adoc#import-discover-rosa[Automating import for discovered {rosa} clusters]
> * link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_observe.adoc#mce-acm-observability[Observability integration]

Reviewer: Filenames are correct, I believe we just need the extra directory syntax
```suggestion
See the following procedures for {mce-short} and {product-title-short} multicluster management:

* link:../../clusters/acm_integration/acm_discover_hosted.adoc#discover-hosted-acm[Discovering {mce-short} hosted clusters in {product-title-short}]
* link:../../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_hcp.adoc#auto-import-hcp[Automating import for discovered hosted clusters]
* link:../../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_rosa.adoc#import-discover-rosa[Automating import for discovered {rosa} clusters]
* link:../../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_observe.adoc#mce-acm-observability[Observability integration]
```

Reviewer: Confirmed that this suggestion will work:
<img width="1646" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-16 at 6 01 00 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f63eec2-6c5d-47ef-b0ba-164478166b50">

> * xref:../clusters/acm_integration/integration_observe.adoc#mce-acm-observability[Observability integration]

Reviewer: Broken links, not sure why. Most of the link syntax look correct. I did see that some of the anchors did not match. Some filenames also didn't maatch. Maybe if we use `link:` it will resolve it. On the other hand, i can also imagine that you probably wanted to shorten the file name and intended to remove the "acm" part in the last part of the file path, but the clusters/main.adoc file has "acm" listed. 
```suggestion
See the following procedures for {mce-short} and {product-title-short} multicluster management:

* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_discover_hosted.adoc#discover-hosted-acm[Discovering {mce-short} hosted clusters in {product-title-short}]
* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_hcp.adoc#auto-import-hcp[Automating import for discovered hosted clusters]
* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_import_rosa.adoc#import-discover-rosa[Automating import for discovered {rosa} clusters]
* link:../clusters/acm_integration/acm_integrate_observe.adoc#mce-acm-observability[Observability integration]
```
